---
layout: page
title: Simone Vincenzi

---

### Contact

E-mail: [simon.vincenz@gmail.com](mailto:simon.vincenz@gmail.com)
Address: Center for Stock Assessment Research, National Marine Fisheries
Service, 110 Shaffer Road, Santa Cruz, CA, US Phone:\
 Fax:

Academic studies and position • 2013: Marie Curie Fellow, Post Doc at
Polytechnic of Milan and Research affiliate, Center for Stock Assessment
Research, Applied Math and Statistics Department at University of
California Santa Cruz. • 2011-2012: Researcher, Center for Stock
Assessment Research, Applied Math and Statistics Department at
University of California Santa Cruz, and Senior Fishery Biologist, MRAG
Americas Inc. • 2007-2011: Post-Doc, Department of Environmental
Sciences, University of Parma (Italy) • 2004-2007: Ph.D. in Ecology,
University of Parma (Italy). “Compensatory responses and population
viability analysis of translocated marble trout populations in Slovenian
streams”. • 1998-2003: Master’s Degree in Environmental Sciences. Thesis
on a simulation model to estimate the emissions of pollutants from road
traffic. Magna cum laude honorary mention.

[Research interest](/research)

-   Eco-evolutionary dynamics
-   Population dynamics of fish and birds (collegamento ipertestuale)
-   Effect of early environment on the evolution of life-histories
-   Species distribution modelling

### Welcome to GitHub Pages.

This automatic page generator is the easiest way to create beautiful
pages for all of your projects. Author your page content here using
GitHub Flavored Markdown, select a template crafted by a designer, and
publish. After your page is generated, you can check out the new branch:

    $ cd your_repo_root/repo_name
    $ git fetch origin
    $ git checkout gh-pages

If you're using the GitHub for Mac, simply sync your repository and
you'll see the new branch.

### Designer Templates

We've crafted some handsome templates for you to use. Go ahead and
continue to layouts to browse through them. You can easily go back to
edit your page before publishing. After publishing your page, you can
revisit the page generator and switch to another theme. Your Page
content will be preserved if it remained markdown format.

### Rather Drive Stick?

If you prefer to not use the automatic generator, push a branch named
`gh-pages` to your repository to create a page manually. In addition to
supporting regular HTML content, GitHub Pages support Jekyll, a simple,
blog aware static site generator written by our own Tom Preston-Werner.
Jekyll makes it easy to create site-wide headers and footers without
having to copy them across every page. It also offers intelligent blog
support and other advanced templating features.

### Authors and Contributors

You can [@mention](https://github.com/blog/821) a GitHub username to
generate a link to their profile. The resulting `<a>` element will link
to the contributor's GitHub Profile. For example: In 2007, Chris
Wanstrath ([@defunkt](https://github.com/defunkt)), PJ Hyett
([@pjhyett](https://github.com/pjhyett)), and Tom Preston-Werner
([@mojombo](https://github.com/mojombo)) founded GitHub.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out the documentation at
[http://help.github.com/pages](http://help.github.com/pages) or contact
[support@github.com](mailto:support@github.com) and we’ll help you sort
it out.

Published with [GitHub Pages](http://pages.github.com)
